Dahmer's cool stuff here just try to do
a search on YouTube on how to open up an
NES advantage none exist until now and
if I'm wrong
oops YouTube search didn't come up with
it I'm gonna figure this out as much as
you guys are so basically what's
happening is the a button is sticking
part that I was coming up to which was
confusing me is how do you get this
she'll open there's got to be a way
figured out why I couldn't open it each
one of these rubber grips has a screw
hole in there taking out these rubber
grips which is okay it's the easy
reinstall either hot glue or I can just
do some double-sided tape seems weird
though this glues been on here for well
let's see 87 over 20 years
all right so that's the first challenge
getting the rubber stamps off to get to
the screw holes free six screws and I've
kept them in somewhat order of where
they go these are the foot rests which
I'm gonna have to figure out how to put
on but now I'm afraid of releasing the
Kraken so to speak yeah yeah I'm gonna
have to get some cleaning things for
this so yeah that's what the backside of
a nes advantage looks like we have six
more screws there we go this project has
got a whole lot worse
all right anyway
well most of the heft on this goddamn
thing is this pretty much metal bottom
plate
it's not too bad I mean there's no major
corroding going on but just getting this
board out it's gonna be a pain in the
ass I think I found it
of course I haven't gotten it open yet
but I'm pretty sure that's not supposed
to be like that so I guess over the
course of time I just got messed up I'm
gonna see if I can either scotch tape it
together duct tape is not gonna be good
in this scenario I'm pretty sure of I
was noticing the motherboard was kind of
stuck I didn't want to pry too hard the
turbo button is which look like these
have these washers on there that
attached the motherboard to the
controller so before you all start
taking apart your net advantages and
grip and trying to rip the motherboard
out make sure the turbo buttons have
been unscrewed
I literally discovered this and I just
started unscrewing it and you know what
these nuts and this literally hold the
motherboard together it's threaded I
don't know if you can see it
all right it's after looking at this for
quite a while and trying to do a
duct-tape amalgamation
for this part
I have decided instead to take the start
and select plungers and move them over
to the a and B slot so that one
compress and that will be my new
starters for the amv now you may ask
what's going to happen to the Select and
start well good question
okay so after you saw the guts I have I
put everything back it works fine
everything clicks the way it was
supposed to everything lights up
controls what happened was the start
button was getting stuck so it was
actually causing some sort of issue with
the game but here's what I wanted to
show you this is the biggest
this was the biggest hurdle and it could
be for some people because they don't
know about it where these knobs are for
the turbo buttons
there's an actual nut that goes in there
that is the final part to hold the
mother the board to the controller
and yeah this NES advantage does work
brought back from the dead this is
Delmer school stuff and as always do
good gaming